Update compatibility and dependencies for 0.10.0 (#1218)
ansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/getting_started/compatibility.rst

With Ansys 2021 R2 and 2022 R1, you can use PyDPF-Core
version ``0.3`` up to ``0.9``. With Ansys 2021 R1, you must use a PyDPF-Core ``0.2``
version.

As new features are developed, every attempt is made to ensure backward
compatibility from the client to the server. Backward compatibility is generally ensured for
the 4 latest Ansys versions. For example, ansys-dpf-core module with 0.8.0 version has been
developed for Ansys 2023 R2 pre1 release, for 2023 R2 Ansys version. It is compatible with
2023 R2, 2023 R1, 2022 R2 and 2022 R1 Ansys versions.

Starting with version ``0.10`` of ``ansys-dpf-core``, the packages ``ansys-dpf-gate``,
``ansys-dpf-gatebin`` and ``ansys-grpc-dpf`` are no longer dependencies and are directly integrated
within ``ansys-dpf-core`` as modules. This introduced a breaking change to simplify installation
and prevent synchronization issues between the PyDPF libraries, requiring to drop support for Ansys
previous to 2022 R2.

**Ansys strongly encourages you to use the latest packages available**, as far they are compatible
with the Server version you want to use. Using Ansys 2023 R1 for example, if ansys-dpf-core

> module with 0.10.0 version is the latest available package, it should be used.

Reviewer: This sentence has the verb to use twice. Can you rephrase it?

> with the Server version you want to use. Using Ansys 2023 R1 for example, if ansys-dpf-core
> module with 0.10.0 version is the latest available package, it should be used.

Author: ```suggestion
with the Server version you want to run. Considering Ansys 2023 R1 for example, if ansys-dpf-core
module with 0.10.0 version is the latest available compatible package, it should be used.
```
